<-------------------------- Intro & Game Description -------------------------->

Lunar Dome - Instructions:

You are the overseer of an new colony living in an experimental 'Lunar Dome'.
Your job is to keep the colony functioning for as long as possible.

Colonists consume a certain number of units of Oxygen (to breathe) and Soup
(for food/water) per year. On each turn, you must buy enough Oxygen and Soup to
keep all the Colonists alive.

The Integrity of the Dome is reduced due to wear and tear proportional to the
number of Colonists living in it. A maintenance charge is assessed to restore
the Dome to 100% Integrity. If you have insufficient Credits to cover this
charge, the Integrity of the Dome will continue to decline.

Beyond your initial budget, additional Credits can be earned by using excess
Oxygen to make, and sell, 'Lunar Sculptures'. Be careful not to use up ALL
your Oxygen and to keep enough for your Colonists!

NOTE: The price of Oxygen, Soup, and the value of 'Lunar Sculptures' will
fluctuate over time. Buy low and sell high!

Random events ('Calamities', which are BAD, and 'Boons', which are GOOD can
occur that result in you gaining or losing Oxygen or Soup, or result in damage
or repairs to the Integrity of the Dome. If you let your Oxygen stores, Soup
stocks or the Dome's Integrity get too low, these events can be significant
enough to end your game!

If you lack enough Oxygen or Soup to sustain all the Colonists, or the Integrity
of the Dome falls to 0, the colony is no longer viable! The Dome experiment
comes to an end, all the Colonists are returned to Earth, and ...
the GAME is OVER!

GOOD LUCK!

<----------------------------------- TODOs: ----------------------------------->

 * Add a "start/title screen".

 * Refactor DomeState with the proper visibility for all member variables, with
   properties for access where appropriate.

 * Convert appropriate comments to Doc Strings.

 * Add TYPING to function/method parameters and add return types.

 * Consider adding warning/limit, for lower difficulties, when buying Lunar 
   Sculptures to prevent the player from using ALL of their oxygen and 
   instantly ending their game.

   * Either reset the MAX value they can buy, or leave that in place and issue
     a warning (so if they don't pay attention they can still use up too much
     oxygen.)
     